docs: document upctl.yaml credentials config (#370)
UpCloudLtd/upcloud-cli: docs/index.md

To be able to manage your UpCloud resources, you need to configure credentials for `upctl` and enable API access for these credentials.

> Define the credentials either by setting `UPCLOUD_USERNAME` and `UPCLOUD_PASSWORD` environment variables,
> or in the `upctl` config file (default `~/.config/upctl.yaml`, overridable with `--config /path/to/upctl.yaml`):
> 
> ```yaml
> username: "your-username"
> password: "your-password"
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the credentials either by setting `UPCLOUD_USERNAME` and `UPCLOUD_PASSWORD` environmental variables or `UPCLOUD_TOKEN` environment variable,
or in the `upctl` config file (default `~/.config/upctl.yaml`, overridable with `--config /path/to/upctl.yaml`):

```yaml
username: "your-username"
password: "your-password"
# alternatively, you can use token
token: "your-token"
```
```
